        Portfolio project - Recommendation software
    In this portfolio project, you will research, brainstorm, and build a basic recommendation program for a topic of your choice. By entering letters or words into the terminal, the program will suggest a specific category for the user to explore. If the user is interested in the category, the program will provide a variety of related recommendations to the user. After you finish building the program, you will create a blog post to share the program on a publication of your choice!
        
Steps of the portfolio project:
1. Think of an Idea  (done)
    1.1.What kind of recommendation system do you want to build?
        *** Dota2 hero recommendation system.
    1.2.Who do you want to build something for? Yourself? Your friends? Your family? Your co-workers?
        *** Myself, friends and/or maybe the dota2 community
    1.3.What topics will be searchable in your recommendation system? 
        *** hero names, atributes (universal, strength, agility, intelligence), complexity(low, moderate, high), tags(), role(support, carry, this category can be empty, one of them or both)

2. Project Brainstorming (done)
    2.1.What does your program do? 
        *** search for dota2 heroes based on some criterias.
    2.2.What data do you need? 
        *** dota2 hero information from a database.
    2.3.What questions will you ask the user?
        *** What criterias would you like to choose:
            by hero name? 
            one or multiples, from (atributes, complexity, tags and role)?
    2.4.How do the above questions return a recommendation? 
        *** a list of heroes that match the criterias selected by the user.
3. Setting up your GitHub Repository (done)
    Create a new GitHub repository for this project and add at least one Python file inside.
    Don’t forget to name your file!
4. Gather Data (done)
5. Version Control (done/in progress with the project development...)
    Set up Git tracking in your directory and make sure to add and commit changes as you make them.
6. Write Your Program. This project consists of two main parts:
    6.1. Implementing an autocomplete that, based on a user’s input, returns a list of possible categories based on the beginning of a word. You should use the data created in the last step to create the autocomplete. It is up to you how to properly store and retrieve the data.
    6.2. Retrieving and displaying all of the data related to the category selected by the user. It is up to you how to properly store and retrieve the data.
7. Refactoring. Now that you have a working program, try to go back to it see what you can do better.
    7.1. Is there a better data structure to use to store your data?
    7.2. Would a different searching algorithm improve efficiency?
    7.3. Is there documentation in your program to make your code readable?
    
    Create a blog post using Medium, Dev.to, or some other blogging platform.
    Your blog post should include the following:

        * A compelling title about your program
        * An introduction sharing the background info (the “why”)
        * An image or a GIF of your program
        * An accompanying paragraph describing your Python code
        * A link to your code on GitHub.
        * A conclusion
8. Blog Post
    Once you’ve completed the program, you’re ready to create a blog post about your programming.